v1.0/resources/directoryroletemplate.md, before:

# directoryRoleTemplate resource type

Represents a directory role template. A directory role template specifies the property values of a directory role ([DirectoryRole]). There is an associated directory role template object for each of the directory roles that may be activated in a tenant. 

### JSON representation

Here is a JSON representation of the resource

<!-- {
  "blockType": "resource",
  "optionalProperties": [

  ],
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.directoryroletemplate"
}-->

```json
{
  "deletionTimestamp": "String (timestamp)",
  "description": "String-value",
  "displayName": "String-value",
  "objectId": "String-value (identifier)",
  "objectType": "String-value"
}

```
### Properties
| Property	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|deletionTimestamp|DateTimeOffset|The Timestamp type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 would look like this: `'2014-01-01T00:00:00Z'`|
|description|String|The description to set for the directory role.|
|displayName|String|The display name to set for the directory role.|
|objectId|String|The unique identifier for the template. Inherited from [DirectoryObject]. In version 1.5 and later, you specify the **objectId** of the directory role template for the **roleTemplateId** property in the POST request activate a [DirectoryRole] in a tenant.                             **Notes**: **key**, immutable, not nullable, unique.             Read-only.|
|objectType|String|A string that identifies the object type. For role templates the value is always “RoleTemplate”. Inherited from [DirectoryObject].|

### Relationships
None


### Methods

| Method		   | Return Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|[Get directoryRoleTemplate](../api/directoryroletemplate_get.md) | [directoryRoleTemplate](directoryroletemplate.md) |Read properties and relationships of directoryRoleTemplate object.|
|[Update](../api/directoryroletemplate_update.md) | [directoryRoleTemplate](directoryroletemplate.md)	|Update directoryRoleTemplate object. |
|[Delete](../api/directoryroletemplate_delete.md) | None |Delete directoryRoleTemplate object. |
|[checkMemberGroups](../api/directoryroletemplate_checkmembergroups.md)|String collection||
|[getMemberGroups](../api/directoryroletemplate_getmembergroups.md)|String collection||
|[getMemberObjects](../api/directoryroletemplate_getmemberobjects.md)|String collection||

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "directoryRoleTemplate resource",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->

Commit message:

added directory role and directory role template also a fix for user update and device resource

v1.0/resources/directoryroletemplate.md, after:

# directoryRoleTemplate resource type

Represents a directory role template. A directory role template specifies the property values of a directory role ([DirectoryRole](directoryrole.md)). There is an associated directory role template object for each of the directory roles that may be activated in a tenant. To read a directory role or update its members, it must first be activated in the tenant. Only the Company Administrators directory role is activated by default. To activate other available directory roles you send a POST request to the `/directoryRoles` endpoint with the ID of the directory role template on which the directory role is based specified in the **roleTemplateId** parameter of the request. Upon successful completion of this request, you can then start to read and assign members to the directory role. **Note**: A directory role template is exposed for the Users directory role. The Users directory role is implicit and is not visible to directory clients. Every User in the tenant is assigned to this role by the infrastructure. The role is already activated. Do not use this template.

### JSON representation

Here is a JSON representation of the resource

<!-- {
  "blockType": "resource",
  "optionalProperties": [

  ],
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.directoryroletemplate"
}-->

```json
{
  "deletionTimestamp": "String (timestamp)",
  "description": "String-value",
  "displayName": "String-value",
  "objectId": "String-value (identifier)",
  "objectType": "String-value"
}

```
### Properties
| Property	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|deletionTimestamp|DateTimeOffset|The Timestamp type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 would look like this: `'2014-01-01T00:00:00Z'`|
|description|String|The description to set for the directory role. Read-only.|
|displayName|String|The display name to set for the directory role. Read-only. |
|objectId|String|The unique identifier for the template. Inherited from [DirectoryObject](directoryobject.md). You specify the **id** of the directory role template for the **roleTemplateId** property in the POST request activate a [DirectoryRole](directoryrole.md) in a tenant. Key, Not nullable. Read-only.|
|objectType|String|A string that identifies the object type. For role templates the value is always “RoleTemplate”. |

### Relationships
None


### Methods

| Method		   | Return Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|[Get directoryRoleTemplate](../api/directoryroletemplate_get.md) | [directoryRoleTemplate](directoryroletemplate.md) |Read properties and relationships of directoryRoleTemplate object.|

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "directoryRoleTemplate resource",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->
