v1.0/api/directoryrole_post_directoryroles.md, before:

# Create DirectoryRole

Use this API to create a new DirectoryRole.
### Prerequisites
The following **scopes** are required to execute this API: 
### HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /directoryObjects

```
### Request headers
| Name       | Type | Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
| X-Sample-Header  | string  | Sample HTTP header. Update accordingly or remove if not needed|

### Request body
In the request body, supply a JSON representation of [DirectoryRole](../resources/directoryrole.md) object.


### Response
If successful, this method returns `201, Created` response code and [DirectoryRole](../resources/directoryrole.md) object in the response body.

### Example
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "create_directoryrole_from_directoryobjects"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/directoryObjects
```
In the request body, supply a JSON representation of [DirectoryRole](../resources/directoryrole.md) object.
##### Response
Here is an example of the response.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": false,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.directoryrole"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Content-type: application/json
Content-length: 275

{
  "description": "description-value",
  "displayName": "displayName-value",
  "isSystem": true,
  "roleDisabled": true,
  "roleTemplateId": "roleTemplateId-value",
  "objectType": "objectType-value",
  "objectId": "objectId-value",
  "deletionTimestamp": "datetime-value"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Create DirectoryRole",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->

Commit message:

added directory role and directory role template also a fix for user update and device resource

v1.0/api/directoryrole_post_directoryroles.md, after:

# Create DirectoryRole

Activate a directory role. To read a directory role or update its members, it must first be activated in the tenant. Only the Company Administrators  and the implicit Users directory roles are activated by default. To access and assign members to another directory role, you must first activate it with its corresponding directory role template ([DirectoryRoleTemplate](directoryroletemplate.md)).

### Prerequisites
The following **scopes** are required to execute this API: 
### HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /directoryObjects

```
### Request headers
| Name       | Type | Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
| X-Sample-Header  | string  | Sample HTTP header. Update accordingly or remove if not needed|

### Request body
In the request body, supply a JSON representation of [DirectoryRole](../resources/directoryrole.md) object.

The following table shows the properties that are required when you activate a directory role.

|Required parameter | Type | Description|
|:---------|:---------|:---------|
|roleTemplateId | string | The ID of the [DirectoryRoleTemplate](directoryroletemplate.md) that the role is based on. This is the only property that may be specified in the request.|


### Response
If successful, this method returns `201, Created` response code and [DirectoryRole](../resources/directoryrole.md) object in the response body.

### Example
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "create_directoryrole_from_directoryobjects"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/directoryObjects
```
In the request body, supply a JSON representation of [DirectoryRole](../resources/directoryrole.md) object.
##### Response
Here is an example of the response.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": false,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.directoryrole"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Content-type: application/json
Content-length: 275

{
  "description": "description-value",
  "displayName": "displayName-value",
  "isSystem": true,
  "roleDisabled": true,
  "roleTemplateId": "roleTemplateId-value",
  "objectType": "objectType-value",
  "objectId": "objectId-value",
  "deletionTimestamp": "datetime-value"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Create DirectoryRole",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->
